hey Internet what is up it is Sarah here
to talk to you today about the
Blackmagic pocket Cinema Camera with the
EF meta bones speed booster I don't know
about you but that footage looked pretty
cool the purpose of that was just to
show you what you can do with the
footage I shot it very in a very flat
profile so when you get this Blackmagic
camera and you can choose to shoot your
footage with a flat profile or a video
profile now what the heck does that mean
that just means this camera can give you
a very flat image for you to go back and
color it and make the footage make it
look like what you want it to look like
so here is some footage of just straight
out of the camera so you can you can
tell that it's like super super super
flat but it's fun to go back in post and
make it you know look like you want it
to look I shot in the premise for 2 to 7
you can do a normal progress which I is
what I use you can do / HQ premise light
and purpose proxy and you can also do
raw each URL which is a big deal it's a
completely different workflow so I
haven't jumped into raw video test yet
but look for one in the future now what
makes this speed booster special is meta
Mo's EF speed booster allows you to
adapt your Canon glass onto this
Blackmagic camera which is a big deal
this camera really wasn't an option for
me until I was gonna be able to use
my canning glass on it it opens up your
aperture it gives you actually like one
and two-thirds more stop so say if you
had like the 16 to 35 left for your f4
will now be like f2 point for the lowest
section you go now is 2.4 so that's
awesome
you know you gain some some light in
there also this gives you back the crop
factor similar to an aps-c can't Cameron
so if you normally put a 15 millimeter
lens on this camera you'd have to
multiply that focal length by like 2.9
and that would be your focal length
which is kind of ridiculous so say you
put a 50 millimeter onto this camera the
equivalent would be like 150 millimeters
it was just crazy but was this adapter
you multiply it by like 1.7 which isn't
that big of a deal so I shot all this
footage with wirel ins as anyways I shot
with the 16 to 35 f/4 l ends with is and
then the 35 millimeter f2 with is and
Lovasz lens is absolutely awesome and so
since their since their wide lens as I
was able to shoot all this footage
handheld and not really have to deal
with you know the smoothness of the
footage also they have image
stabilization which is also also
applicable to this camera with this
speed booster which is pretty awesome
the list of all things that I really
enjoyed about this camera was zebras
which is just a way to control the
exposure of your image and then also has
focus peaking which is a effective way
to be able to tell what is in focus or
not inside your camera a lot of people
have already talked about how the screen
is kind of hard to see
when you're outside it is true it is but
it's doable and be better life the
battery life does suck yeah you can only
go about like 20 minutes of shooting on
it but the batteries are super cheap
just buy some extra Amazon I had like
four with me and I shot it yeah a few
hours I didn't have any problems so yeah
well I hope this video was somewhat
helpful to you guys if you liked to hit
that like and subscribe button I'm
putting out videos every single week now
um Instagram link is down below if you
want to follow me on the Instagram
British accent yeah thanks for watching
and I will see you the next video